Update opensearch flow documentation with Neural sparse search configuration details (#10167)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/ai-search/building-flows.md

```

{% include copy.html %}

---

## Neural sparse search

> ### ML resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ML resources

```

> Create and deploy a [Neural Sparse Encoding model](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-flow-framework/blob/main/documentation/models.md#neural-sparse-encoding).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create and deploy a [neural sparse encoding model](https://github.com/opensearch-project/dashboards-flow-framework/blob/main/documentation/models.md#neural-sparse-encoding).
```

### Index

> Ensure the index mappings include `rank_features` field, as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the index mappings include a `rank_features` field:
```
